Corrected the Spelling Mistake (#249)
TheOdinProject/javascript-exercises: README.md

1. Fork and clone this repository. To learn how to fork a repository, see the GitHub documentation on how to [fork a repo](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo). 
    * Copies of repositories on your machine are called clones. If you need help cloning to your local environment you can learn how from the GitHub documentation on [cloning a repository](https://docs.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/cloning-a-repository-from-github/cloning-a-repository).

> 2. Before you start working on any exercises, you should first ensure you have the following installed:

Reviewer: Good catch!

    * **NPM**. You should have installed NPM already in our [Installing Node.js](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/foundations-installing-node-js) lesson. Just in case you need to check, type `npm --version` in your terminal. If you get back `Command 'npm' not found, but can be installed with:`, **do not follow the instructions in the terminal** to install with `apt-get` as this causes permission issues. Instead, go back to the installation lesson and install Node with NVM by following the instructions there.

>     * **Jest**. After cloning this repository to your local machine and installing NPM, go into the newly created directory (`cd javascript-exercises`) and run `npm install`. This will install Jest and set up the testing platform based on our pre-configured settings.

Reviewer: "Preconfigured" is a perfectly valid way to spell this word, it's also the way it's spelled elsewhere in the curriculum.

```suggestion
    * **Jest**. After cloning this repository to your local machine and installing NPM, go into the newly created directory (`cd javascript-exercises`) and run `npm install`. This will install Jest and set up the testing platform based on our preconfigured settings.
```
